Now for Japan. Japan was an island country, just like Britain.
Submarines are ships designed to travel underwater, and remain there for an extended amount of time.
Submarines were used in World War I and World War II. Back then they were very slow and had a very limited shooting range.
In the beginning of the war they mostly travelled on top of the sea, but as radar began developing and becoming more accurate the submarines were forced to go under water to avoid being seen.
German submarines were called U-Boats. The Germans were very good at navigating and operating their submarines.
Because of their success with submarines, after the war Germans aren't trusted to have many of them.
Yes! King Tutankhamun, sometimes referred to as "King Tut" or "The Boy King", is one of the most well known ancient Egyptian kings in modern times.
Interestingly, he was not considered to be very important in ancient times and was not recorded on most ancient king lists.
However, the discovery of his tomb in 1922 made him a celebrity. While many tombs of the past were robbed, this tomb was left virtually undisturbed.
Most of the items buried with Tutankhamun have been well preserved, including thousands of artefacts made from precious metals and rare stones.
The invention of spoke wheels made Assyrian chariots lighter, faster, and better prepared to outrun soldiers and other chariots.
Arrows from their deadly crossbows could penetrate the armor of rival soldiers. About 1000 B.C., the Assyrians introduced the first cavalry.
A cavalry is an army that fights on horseback. The saddle had not yet been invented, so the Assyrian cavalry fought on the bare backs of their horses.
We know many Greek politicians, scientists, and artists. Possibly the most known person of this culture is Homer, the legendary blind poet, who composed two masterpieces of Greek literature: the poems Iliad and Odyssey.
Sophocles and Aristophanes are still popular playwrights and their plays are considered to be among the greatest works of world literature.
Another famous Greek is a mathematician Pythagoras, mostly known for his famous theorem about relations of the sides of right triangles.
There are varying estimates for how many people speak Hindi. It is estimated to be between the second and fourth most commonly spoken language in the world.
The number of native speakers varies depending on whether or not very closely related dialects are counted.
Estimates range from 340 million to 500 million speakers, and as many as 800 million people can understand the language.
Hindi and Urdu are similar in vocabulary but different in script; in everyday conversations, speakers of both languages can usually understand each other.
Around the 15th century, northern Estonia was under great cultural influence of Germany.
Some German monks wanted to bring God closer to the native people, so they invented the Estonian literal language.
It was based on the German alphabet and one character "Õ/õ" was added.
As time passed, many words that were borrowed from German coalesced. This was the beginning of enlightenment.
Traditionally, the heir to the throne would go straight into the military after finishing school.
However, Charles went to university at Trinity College, Cambridge where he studied Anthropology and Archaeology, and later History, earning a 2:2 (a lower second class degree).
Charles was the first member of the British Royal Family to be awarded a degree.
European Turkey (eastern Thrace or Rumelia in the Balkan peninsula) includes 3% of the country.
The territory of Turkey is more than 1,600 kilometres (1,000 mi) long and 800 km (500 mi) wide, with a roughly rectangular shape.
Turkey's area, including lakes, occupies 783,562 square kilometres (300,948 sq mi), of which 755,688 square kilometres (291,773 sq mi) are in south west Asia and 23,764 square kilometres (9,174 sq mi) in Europe.
Turkey's area makes it the world's 37th-largest country, and is about the size of Metropolitan France and the United Kingdom combined.
Turkey is encircled by seas on three sides: the Aegean Sea to the west, the Black Sea to the north and the Mediterranean Sea to the south.
Luxembourg has a long history but its independence dates from 1839.
Present-day parts of Belgium were part of Luxembourg in the past but became Belgian after the 1830s Belgian Revolution.
Luxembourg has always tried to remain a neutral country but it was occupied in both World War I and World War II by Germany.
In 1957 Luxembourg became a founding member of the organization which is today known as the European Union.
The Drukgyal Dzong is a ruined fortress and Buddhist monastery in the upper part of the Paro District (in Phondey Village).
It is said that in 1649, Zhabdrung Ngawang Namgyel created the fortress to commemorate his victory against the Tibetan-Mongol forces.
In 1951, a fire caused for only some of the relics of the Drukgyal Dzong to remain, such as the image of Zhabdrung Ngawang Namgyal.
After the fire, the fortress was preserved and protected, remaining to be one of Bhutan's most sensational attractions.
During the 18th century Cambodia found itself squeezed between two powerful neighbors, Thailand and Vietnam.
The Thais invaded Cambodia several times in the 18th century and in 1772 they destroyed Phnom Phen.
In the last years of the 18th century the Vietnamese also invaded Cambodia.
Eighteen percent of Venezuelans are unemployed, and most of those who are employed work in the informal economy.
Two thirds of Venezuelans who work do so in the service sector, nearly a quarter work in industry and a fifth work in agriculture.
An important industry for Venezuelans is oil, where the country is a net exporter, even though only one percent work in the oil industry.
Early in the nation's independence, Singapore Botanic Gardens' expertise helped to transform the island into a tropical Garden City.
In 1981, Vanda Miss Joaquim, an orchid hybrid, was chosen as the nation's national flower.
Every year around October nearly 1.5 million herbivores travel towards the southern plains, crossing the Mara River, from the northern hills for the rains.
And then back to the north through the west, once again crossing the Mara river, after the rains in around April.
